Add documentation for Faiss byte vector (#8170)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _field-types/supported-field-types/knn-vector.md

 }
 ```

## Byte vectors

> By default, k-NN vectors are `float` vectors, in which each dimension is 4 bytes. If you want to save storage space, you can use `byte` vectors with the `faiss` or `lucene` engine. In a `byte` vector, each dimension is a signed 8-bit integer in the [-128, 127] range. 

Reviewer: "each dimension consists of 4 bytes"?

 
Byte vectors are supported only for the `lucene` and `faiss` engines. They are not supported for the `nmslib` engine.
{: .note}

In [k-NN benchmarking tests](https://github.com/opensearch-project/k-NN/tree/main/benchmarks/perf-tool), the use of `byte` rather than `float` vectors resulted in a significant reduction in storage and memory usage as well as improved indexing throughput and reduced query latency. Additionally, precision on recall was not greatly affected (note that recall can depend on various factors, such as the [quantization technique](#quantization-techniques) and data distribution). 

When using `byte` vectors, expect some loss of precision in the recall compared to using `float` vectors. Byte vectors are useful in large-scale applications and use cases that prioritize a reduced memory footprint in exchange for a minimal loss of recall.
{: .important}

> When using `byte` vectors with the `faiss` engine, it is recommended to use [SIMD optimization]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index#simd-optimization-for-the-faiss-engine), which helps to significantly reduce search latencies and improve indexing throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `byte` vectors with the `faiss` engine, we recommend using [SIMD optimization]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index#simd-optimization-for-the-faiss-engine), which helps to significantly reduce search latencies and improve indexing throughput.
```

By default, k-NN vectors are `float` vectors, where each dimension is 4 bytes. If you want to save storage space, you can use `byte` vectors with the `lucene` engine. In a `byte` vector, each dimension is a signed 8-bit integer in the [-128, 127] range. 
 

> Byte vectors are supported only for the `lucene` and `faiss` engines. They are not supported for the `nmslib` engine.

Reviewer 2: Need to change the title from `## Lucene byte` vector to `## Byte vector`

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Example: IVF

The `ivf` method requires a training step that creates and trains the model used to initialize the native library index during segment creation. For more information, see [Building a k-NN index from a model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/approximate-knn/#building-a-k-nn-index-from-a-model).

First, create an index that will contain byte vector training data. Specify the `faiss` engine and `ivf` algorithm and make sure that the `dimension` matches the dimension of the model you want to create:

```json
PUT train-index
{
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "train-field": {
        "type": "knn_vector",
        "dimension": 4,
        "data_type": "byte"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Ingest training data containing byte vectors into the training index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ingest training data containing byte vectors into the training index:
```

To check the model training status, call the Get Model API:

```json
GET _plugins/_knn/models/byte-vector-model?filter_path=state
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Once the training is complete, the `state` changes to `created`.

Next, create an index that will initialize its native library indexes using the trained model:

```json
PUT test-byte-ivf
{
  "settings": {
    "index": {
      "knn": true
    }
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "my_vector": {
        "type": "knn_vector",
        "model_id": "byte-vector-model"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Ingest the data containing the byte vectors that you want to search into the created index:

```json
PUT _bulk?refresh=true
{"index": {"_index": "test-byte-ivf", "_id": "1"}}
{"my_vector": [7, 10, 15, -120]}
{"index": {"_index": "test-byte-ivf", "_id": "2"}}
{"my_vector": [10, -100, 120, -108]}
{"index": {"_index": "test-byte-ivf", "_id": "3"}}
{"my_vector": [1, -2, 5, -50]}
{"index": {"_index": "test-byte-ivf", "_id": "4"}}
{"my_vector": [9, -7, 45, -78]}
{"index": {"_index": "test-byte-ivf", "_id": "5"}}
{"my_vector": [80, -70, 127, -128]}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Finally, search the data. Be sure to provide a byte vector in the k-NN vector field:

Reviewer: Should "vector" be in code font?

```json
GET test-byte-ivf/_search
{
  "size": 2,
  "query": {
    "knn": {
      "my_vector": {
        "vector": [100, -120, 50, -45],
        "k": 2
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Memory estimation

> In the best-case scenario, byte vectors require 25% of the memory that 32-bit vectors require.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the best-case scenario, byte vectors require 25% of the memory required by 32-bit vectors.
```

#### HNSW memory estimation

The memory required for Hierarchical Navigable Small Worlds (HNSW) is estimated to be `1.1 * (dimension + 8 * M)` bytes/vector.

> As an example, assume that you have 1 million vectors with a dimension of 256 and M of 16. The memory requirement can be estimated as follows:

Reviewer: "an" M?

> As an example, assume that you have 1 million vectors with a dimension of 256 and M of 16. The memory requirement can be estimated as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As an example, assume that you have 1 million vectors with a dimension of 256 and an`m` of 16. The memory requirement can be estimated as follows:
```

```r
1.1 * (256 + 8 * 16) * 1,000,000 ~= 0.39 GB
```

#### IVF memory estimation

The memory required for IVF is estimated to be `1.1 * ((dimension * num_vectors) + (4 * nlist * d))` bytes/vector.

> As an example, assume that you have 1 million vectors with a dimension of 256 and `nlist` of 128. The memory requirement can be estimated as follows:

Reviewer: "an" `nlist`?

> As an example, assume that you have 1 million vectors with a dimension of 256 and `nlist` of 128. The memory requirement can be estimated as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As an example, assume that you have 1 million vectors with a dimension of 256 and an `nlist` of 128. The memory requirement can be estimated as follows:
```

```
{% include copy.html %}

> ## Faiss byte vector

Reviewer 2: We can remove entire content here and just use whatever we have for lucene byte vector. 
The content in here can be moved to tech blog if we want.

Reviewer 2: As lucene does not support IVF, we can change the lucene example with faiss example including new IVF index example.
